c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\x86\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\x86\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\x86\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
c:\users\kamya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\kamya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
C:\Users\kamya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Content\brick.xnb
C:\Users\kamya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Content\life.xnb
C:\Users\kamya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gamefont.xnb
